CCI Guide (#3301)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/voice/voice-api/guides/cci.md

---
title: Contact Center Intelligence
description: Learn how to enhance your contact center solution with Voice API.
navigation_weight: 9
---

> # Contact Center Intelligence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contact Center Intelligence

```

> Voice API, together with partner solutions, empowers you with the cutting-edge technology of phone call processing, assistance, and analytics, which is extremely helpful for Contact Center cases. Doesn’t matter if you’re building a Contact Center solution from scratch, or already have a legacy CC/PBX solution which you want to extend with modern features and workflows such as AI voice assistants or sentiment analysis, Voice API and partner solutions are ideal to assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vonage Voice API, together with partner solutions, empowers you with the cutting-edge technology of phone call processing, assistance, and analytics, which is extremely helpful for Contact Center cases. It does not matter if you’re building a Contact Center solution from scratch, or already have a legacy CC/PBX solution which you want to extend with modern features and workflows such as AI voice assistants or sentiment analysis, Voice API and partner solutions are ideal to assist you.
```

> There are three groups of contact center oriented use-cases where Voice API can help:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three groups of contact center oriented use-cases where the Voice API can help:
```

> * **Self-service**. Offer more choice with customers having the options to select self-service for faster resolutions to low complexity inquiries with smart FAQs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Self-service**. Offer more choice with customers having the option to select self-service for faster resolutions to low complexity inquiries with smart FAQs.
```

> * **Real-time analytics and agent assist**. Empower agents with real time insights and in-call tools delivered through AI engines.  Provide feedback to the customer’s real time call experience and populate key information so agents can provide a top level customer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Real-time analytics and agent assist**. Empower agents with real-time insights and in-call tools delivered through AI engines.  Provide feedback to the customer’s real-time call experience and populate key information so agents can provide a top-level customer experience.
```

> * **Post-call analytics**. Extract meaningful insights from recorded calls or chats to help agents and supervisors better understand conversations with customers, uncovering patterns and quality issues so they can resolve issues faster and ultimately improve the overall customer experience. Post-call speech analytics dashboards, driving agent and operational performance statistics, provides insights for managers, quality assurance personnel, and other leadership groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Post-call analytics**. Extract meaningful insights from recorded calls or chats to help agents and supervisors better understand conversations with customers, uncovering patterns, and quality issues so they can resolve issues faster and ultimately improve the overall customer experience. Post-call speech analytics dashboards, driving agent, and operational performance statistics, provide insights for managers, quality assurance personnel, and other leadership groups.
```

Reviewer 2: "Post-call speech analytics dashboards, driving agent, and operational performance statistics," - I'd lose the comma after "agent"

> * **Post-call analytics**. Extract meaningful insights from recorded calls or chats to help agents and supervisors better understand conversations with customers, uncovering patterns and quality issues so they can resolve issues faster and ultimately improve the overall customer experience. Post-call speech analytics dashboards, driving agent and operational performance statistics, provides insights for managers, quality assurance personnel, and other leadership groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Post-call analytics**. Extract meaningful insights from recorded calls or chats to help agents and supervisors better understand conversations with customers. Uncover patterns and quality concerns so that they can resolve issues faster and ultimately improve the overall customer experience. Post-call speech analytics dashboards drive agent and operational performance statistics and provide insights for managers, quality assurance personnel, and other leadership groups.
```

> For *self-service* cases, Voice API provides the following set of features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For *self-service* cases, the Voice API provides the following set of features:
```

* [Text-to-Speech](/voice/voice-api/guides/text-to-speech) and [Speech Recognition](/voice/voice-api/guides/asr) for advanced IVR or simple voice bots. Follow this [tutorial](/use-cases/asr-use-case-voice-bot) to learn more.
* [WebSockets](/voice/voice-api/guides/websockets) allow you to connect phone calls to any AI bot engine of your choice. Clone our [reference application](https://github.com/Nexmo/lex-connector) to quickly start with [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/) integration, which provides the advanced deep learning functionalities of natural language understanding (NLU) to recognize the intent of the text, to enable you to build applications with highly engaging user experiences and lifelike conversational interactions. 

> With WebSockets, you can also easily embed any kind of real-time analytics into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can further do a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With WebSockets, you can also embed any kind of real-time analytics into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can further do a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.
```

> With WebSockets, you can also easily embed any kind of real-time analytics into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can further do a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With WebSockets, you can also easily embed any kind of real-time analytics into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can perform a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.
```

> After the call is completed, it is likely you may want to keep the keynotes, as well as be able to search through the recordings. In order to do that, Voice API allows you to record every call or part of the call so that you can store and analyze it. Learn how to do that with our [Transcribe a Recorded Call with Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api) complete tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the call is completed, it is likely you may want to keep the keynotes, as well as be able to search through the recordings. In order to do that, the Voice API allows you to record every call or part of the call so that you can store and analyze it. Learn how to do that with our [Transcribe a Recorded Call with Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api) complete tutorial.
```

## How it works

> Let’s take a closer look at the components of the solution you may want to build for each use case.

Reviewer 2: 'Might' would be better than 'may' here. May implies that you have permission, where 'might' suggests that you have the option.

> ### IVR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### IVR

```

> For the typical IVR case, the user is calling some PSTN (phone) number and interacts with the virtual operator by choosing the options via DTMF tones (key input) or just by saying the option (speech input). To build a solution like this, what is needed is a [Vonage virtual number](/numbers/overview) assigned to your [application](/application/overview), which interacts with the user through the Vonage Voice API platform by providing [NCCO](/voice/voice-api/guides/ncco) commands (actions) such as [`talk`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#talk) for Text-to-Speech message and [`input`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#input) for DTMF/speech input:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the typical IVR case, the user is calling a PSTN (phone) number and interacts with the virtual operator by choosing the options via DTMF tones (key input) or by saying the option (speech input). To build a solution like this, what is needed is a [Vonage virtual number](/numbers/overview) assigned to your [application](/application/overview), which interacts with the user through the Vonage Voice API platform by providing [NCCO](/voice/voice-api/guides/ncco) commands (actions) such as [`talk`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#talk) for Text-to-Speech message and [`input`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#input) for DTMF/speech input:
```

> For the typical IVR case, the user is calling some PSTN (phone) number and interacts with the virtual operator by choosing the options via DTMF tones (key input) or just by saying the option (speech input). To build a solution like this, what is needed is a [Vonage virtual number](/numbers/overview) assigned to your [application](/application/overview), which interacts with the user through the Vonage Voice API platform by providing [NCCO](/voice/voice-api/guides/ncco) commands (actions) such as [`talk`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#talk) for Text-to-Speech message and [`input`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#input) for DTMF/speech input:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the typical IVR case, the user calls a PSTN (phone) number and interacts with the virtual operator by choosing the options via DTMF tones (key input) or just by saying the option (speech input). To build a solution like this, what is needed is a [Vonage virtual number](/numbers/overview) assigned to your [application](/application/overview), which interacts with the user through the Vonage Voice API platform by providing [NCCO](/voice/voice-api/guides/ncco) commands (actions) such as [`talk`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#talk) for Text-to-Speech message and [`input`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#input) for DTMF/speech input:
```

![IVR](/images/voice-api/cci_ivr.png)

> Vonage encapsulates all the complexity of the carrier connections’ complexity, so all you need is to just buy a Vonage virtual number, assign it to your app, and implement HTTP request handlers ([webhooks](/voice/voice-api/webhook-reference)) to instruct the Voice platform with the desired call control [actions](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference). Building a simple IVR is this easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vonage encapsulates all the complexity of the carrier connections’ complexity, so all you need is to provision a Vonage virtual number, assign it to your app, and implement HTTP request handlers ([webhooks](/voice/voice-api/webhook-reference)) to instruct the Voice platform with the desired call control [actions](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference). Building a simple IVR is this easy.
```

> Vonage encapsulates all the complexity of the carrier connections’ complexity, so all you need is to just buy a Vonage virtual number, assign it to your app, and implement HTTP request handlers ([webhooks](/voice/voice-api/webhook-reference)) to instruct the Voice platform with the desired call control [actions](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference). Building a simple IVR is this easy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vonage deals with the complexity of connecting the call, so all you need is to just buy a Vonage virtual number, assign it to your app, and implement HTTP request handlers ([webhooks](/voice/voice-api/webhook-reference)) to instruct the Voice platform with the desired call control [actions](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference). Building a simple IVR is this easy.
```

> Quite a similar approach can be used for voice notifications with or without IVR as a part of it. The difference is that now your app initiates the call with a simple [REST API](/api/voice#createCall) (HTTP) request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quite a similar approach can be used for voice notifications with or without IVR as a part of it. The difference is that now your app initiates the call with a [REST API](/api/voice#createCall) (HTTP) request:
```

> Quite a similar approach can be used for voice notifications with or without IVR as a part of it. The difference is that now your app initiates the call with a simple [REST API](/api/voice#createCall) (HTTP) request:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use similar approach can be used for voice notifications, with or without an IVR. The difference is that now your app initiates the call with a simple [REST API](/api/voice#createCall) (HTTP) request:
```

![Voice Notification](/images/voice-api/cci_outbound.png)

> As a step in your IVR flow, you may want to have an option to connect the user to your contact center agent. You can do this easily with [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) NCCO action by either forwarding the call to some PSTN number or connecting it to the SIP endpoint of your contact center platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a step in your IVR flow, you may want to have an option to connect the user to your contact center agent. You can do this with the [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) NCCO action by either forwarding the call to a PSTN number or connecting it to the SIP endpoint of your contact center platform:
```

> As a step in your IVR flow, you may want to have an option to connect the user to your contact center agent. You can do this easily with [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) NCCO action by either forwarding the call to some PSTN number or connecting it to the SIP endpoint of your contact center platform:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a step in your IVR flow, you might want to be able to connect the user to your contact center agent. You can do this easily with [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) NCCO action by either forwarding the call to a PSTN number or connecting it to the SIP endpoint of your contact center platform:
```

![Connect to Contact Center](/images/voice-api/cci_ivr_connect.png)

Learn more about connecting PBX/CC in [SIP documentation](/voice/sip/overview), including configuration steps for various types of platforms, such as FreeSWITCH or Avaya SBCe.

> Many contact center solutions require a way to receive context information regarding the currently processed call. A traditional way to send such data to the CC is by adding one or several custom SIP Headers with tokens to the SIP INVITE message. Generally, this token may be used to send the call to a specific group of specialized Agents. Some CC solutions may even use this token, for example, to automatically open a browser to the customer CRM page in the Agent’s computer, via the CTI, when they answer the call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many contact center solutions require a way to receive context information regarding the currently processed call. A traditional way to send such data to the CC is by adding one or more custom SIP Headers with tokens to the SIP INVITE message. Generally, this token may be used to send the call to a specific group of specialized Agents. Some CC solutions may even use this token, for example, to automatically open a browser to the customer CRM page in the Agent’s computer, via the CTI, when they answer the call. 
```

> Many contact center solutions require a way to receive context information regarding the currently processed call. A traditional way to send such data to the CC is by adding one or several custom SIP Headers with tokens to the SIP INVITE message. Generally, this token may be used to send the call to a specific group of specialized Agents. Some CC solutions may even use this token, for example, to automatically open a browser to the customer CRM page in the Agent’s computer, via the CTI, when they answer the call. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many contact center solutions require a way to receive context information regarding the currently processed call. A traditional way to send such data to the CC is by adding one or several custom SIP Headers with tokens to the SIP INVITE message. Generally, this token may be used to send the call to a specific group of specialized Agents. For example, some CC solutions can use this token to automatically open a browser to the customer CRM page in the Agent’s computer, via the CTI, when they answer the call. 
```

> The transmission of one or several custom SIP Headers from the Voice platform to the CC is easily achievable using [`headers`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#sip-the-sip-endpoint-to-connect-to) parameter in the `connect` NCCO action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transmission of one or more custom SIP Headers from the Voice platform to the CC is achievable using the [`headers`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#sip-the-sip-endpoint-to-connect-to) parameter in the `connect` NCCO action.
```

> ### Voice Bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Voice Bot

```

> If you want to enhance your IVR with natural language understanding (NLU), you may connect it to an AI service, such as [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/). Lex accepts both text and media (audio) and provides text and media output following the business logic you implement in your bot. In order to connect the telephony world with binary media processing services, you may use a WebSocket connection, supported by the Vonage Voice platform. To do that, just include [`connect` action](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) with your app WebSocket URL as the endpoint into your NCCO - and the call will be immediately connected to your app with media flowing from the user and backward. Then you just need to pass the media frames to Lex and stream Lex responses back through the same connection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enhance your IVR with natural language understanding (NLU), you may connect it to an AI service, such as [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/). Lex accepts both text and media (audio) and provides text and media output following the business logic you implement in your bot. In order to connect the telephony world with binary media processing services, you may use a WebSocket connection, supported by the Vonage Voice platform. To do that, include the [`connect` action](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) with your app WebSocket URL as the endpoint into your NCCO - and the call will be immediately connected to your app with media flowing from the user and backward. Then you just need to pass the media frames to Lex and stream Lex responses back through the same connection:
```

> If you want to enhance your IVR with natural language understanding (NLU), you may connect it to an AI service, such as [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/). Lex accepts both text and media (audio) and provides text and media output following the business logic you implement in your bot. In order to connect the telephony world with binary media processing services, you may use a WebSocket connection, supported by the Vonage Voice platform. To do that, just include [`connect` action](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) with your app WebSocket URL as the endpoint into your NCCO - and the call will be immediately connected to your app with media flowing from the user and backward. Then you just need to pass the media frames to Lex and stream Lex responses back through the same connection:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to enhance your IVR with natural language understanding (NLU), you may connect it to an AI service, such as [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/). Lex accepts both text and media (audio) and provides text and media output following the business logic you implement in your bot. In order to connect telephony with binary media processing services, you could use a WebSocket connection, which is supported by the Vonage Voice platform. To do that, just include [`connect` action](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) with your app WebSocket URL as the endpoint into your NCCO - and the call will be immediately connected to your app with media flowing to and from the user. Then you just need to pass the media frames to Lex and stream Lex responses back through the same connection:
```

![Voice Bot](/images/voice-api/cci_bot.png)

> To start quickly with implementation, clone the reference [Lex Connector](https://github.com/Nexmo/lex-connector) application, which has everything you need to connect the voice calls to your Lex bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a quick implementation, clone the reference [Lex Connector](https://github.com/Nexmo/lex-connector) application, which has everything you need to connect the voice calls to your Lex bot.
```

> Also, when your bot detects user intent to have a talk with a human agent, your application may send a [transfer](/voice/voice-api/code-snippets/transfer-a-call) request to Vonage API, and it will connect the user to your Contact Center:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, when your bot detects user intent to have a conversation with a human agent, your application may send a [transfer](/voice/voice-api/code-snippets/transfer-a-call) request to the Vonage API, and it will connect the user to your Contact Center:
```

![Voice Bot with Transfer](/images/voice-api/cci_bot_transfer.png)

> Provide full context of the bot conversation to your CC by connecting directly to your CC using SIP and custom SIP Headers to transmit the correlation information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provide full context of the bot conversation to your CC by connecting directly to your CC using SIP and custom SIP Headers to transmit the correlated information.
```

### Real-Time Analytics

> A quite similar approach can be used for real-time analysis of the conversation between the user and the agent: the user is connected to your contact center through the Vonage voice platform with the [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action sent from your application, then another connect action is used to establish [WebSocket](/voice/voice-api/guides/websockets) connection for sending the call media to your app, which then sends it to the analytics engine. Your application may then send the results of the analysis, such as sentiment detected or hints to some widget on the screen of your agent, which can be embedded to your contact center user interface or be a standalone application as well:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a similar approach to perform real-time analysis of the conversation between the user and the agent: the user is connected to your contact center through the Vonage voice platform with the [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action sent from your application, then another `connect`action is used to establish a [WebSocket](/voice/voice-api/guides/websockets) connection for sending the call media to your app, which then sends it to the analytics engine. Your application may then send the results of the analysis, such as sentiment or call hints to the agent to some widget on your agent's screen. You could embed this widget in your contact center user interface or use it in a standalone application:
```
(I'm guessing what you mean by "hints" here, but in any event think it would be useful to clarify)

![CCI Analytics](/images/voice-api/cci_analytics.png)

### Post-call Analytics

> Vonage Voice API allows you to easily [record](/voice/voice-api/guides/recording) the conversation or a part of the conversation, depending on your call flow and the use case. With [multichannel recording](/voice/voice-api/guides/recording#multi-channel-recording) supported, the audio file can be further processed by various analytics services. Check our detailed tutorial to learn how to [transcribe the recording using Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Vonage Voice API enables you to easily [record](/voice/voice-api/guides/recording) the conversation or a part of the conversation, depending on your call flow and the use case. Because you can record across [multiple channels](/voice/voice-api/guides/recording#multi-channel-recording), the audio file can be further processed by various analytics services. Check our detailed tutorial to learn how to [transcribe the recording using Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api).
```

* **Real-time analytics and agent assist**. Empower agents with real-time insights and in-call tools delivered through AI engines.  Provide feedback to the customer’s real-time call experience and populate key information so agents can provide a top-level customer experience.
* **Post-call analytics**. Extract meaningful insights from recorded calls or chats to help agents and supervisors better understand conversations with customers. Uncover patterns and quality concerns so that they can resolve issues faster and ultimately improve the overall customer experience. Post-call speech analytics dashboards drive agent and operational performance statistics and provide insights for managers, quality assurance personnel, and other leadership groups.

For *self-service* cases, the Voice API provides the following set of features:

* [Text-to-Speech](/voice/voice-api/guides/text-to-speech) and [Speech Recognition](/voice/voice-api/guides/asr) for advanced IVR or simple voice bots. Follow this [tutorial](/use-cases/asr-use-case-voice-bot) to learn more.

> * [WebSockets](/voice/voice-api/guides/websockets) allow you to connect phone calls to any AI bot engine of your choice. Clone our [reference application](https://github.com/Nexmo/lex-connector) to quickly start with [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/) integration, which provides the advanced deep learning functionalities of natural language understanding (NLU) to recognize the intent of the text, to enable you to build applications with highly engaging user experiences and lifelike conversational interactions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [WebSockets](/voice/voice-api/guides/websockets) allow you to connect phone calls to any AI bot engine of your choice. Clone our [reference application](https://github.com/Nexmo/lex-connector) to quickly start with [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/) integration, which applies natural language understanding (NLU) to recognize the intent of the text, enabling you to build applications with highly engaging user experiences and lifelike conversational interactions. 
```

> With WebSockets, you can also embed any kind of *real-time analytics* into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can perform a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With WebSockets, you can also embed any kind of *real-time analytics* into your contact center. With an NCCO [`connect`](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference#connect) action, you can attach a WebSocket one-way (or two-way, depending on the case) stream to any inbound or outbound call and then pass the media to an analytics engine, such as [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/). You can perform a deeper analysis with [Amazon Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) to provide the agent with useful insights and real-time hints during the call.
```

> *After the call is completed*, it is likely you may want to keep the keynotes, as well as be able to search through the recordings. In order to do that, the Voice API allows you to record every call or part of the call so that you can store and analyze it. Learn how to do that with our [Transcribe a Recorded Call with Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api) complete tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*After the call is completed*, it is likely you may want to keep the keynotes, as well as be able to search through the recordings. In order to do that, the Voice API enables you to record every call or part of the call so that you can store and analyze it. Learn how to do that with our [Transcribe a Recorded Call with Amazon Transcribe](/use-cases/trancribe-amazon-api) complete tutorial.
```

> If you want to get everything working out of the box or if you are looking for a very specific case implementation, [Vonage AI](ai.vonage.com) offers turn-key solutions made by industry experts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to get everything working out of the box or if you are looking for a very specific use case implementation, [Vonage AI](ai.vonage.com) offers turn-key solutions made by industry experts.
```
